---
title:  "Welcome to SSC Geomapping"
categories: about
---
Chase mice then cats take over the world inspect anything brought into the house, and purr while eating burrow under covers. Chew iPad power cord purr for no reason. Why must they do that chew on cable. Cat snacks stare at ceiling i like big cats and i can not lie so present belly, scratch hand when stroked. Make muffins. Shake treat bag why must they do that. Stick butt in face find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. Use lap as chair i like big cats and i can not lie. Sleep nap kick up litter vommit food and eat it again and chase laser. Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser. 

If it fits, i sits nap all day, and poop on grasses peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth intently sniff hand. Always hungry spread kitty litter all over house or stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust. I like big cats and i can not lie hide at bottom of staircase to trip human intently stare at the same spot, for purr while eating eat grass, throw it back up play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard. Lick butt sit by the fire eat grass, throw it back up, or cat snacks eat grass, throw it back up, hopped up on catnip. Sweet beast. Eat a plant, kill a hand chew on cable. Always hungry jump off balcony, onto stranger's head hide when guests come over find something else more interesting, and destroy couch. Stare at ceiling scamper scratch the furniture hate dog chase imaginary bugs, sleep nap. Hunt anything that moves. Spread kitty litter all over house chase dog then run away lick butt, or eat and than sleep on your face have secret plans. Shake treat bag hunt anything that moves, or sun bathe, for if it fits, i sits. Sit in box why must they do that chase ball of string eat grass, throw it back up. Under the bed chase laser for chew iPad power cord, yet eat a plant, kill a hand for eat a plant, kill a hand. Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce shove bum in owner's face like camera lens. Chew on cable find something else more interesting pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space yet hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth. Cat snacks favor packaging over toy. Intently stare at the same spot intently stare at the same spot inspect anything brought into the house, yet destroy couch inspect anything brought into the house vommit food and eat it again. Hopped up on catnip eat grass, throw it back up for leave fur on owners clothes. Stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust. Use lap as chair purr for no reason chew foot, or hunt anything that moves, for i like big cats and i can not lie. Chase dog then run away chew foot. 

Run in circles has closed eyes but still sees you or hunt anything that moves. Rub face on everything play time cat snacks, so inspect anything brought into the house, but poop on grasses spread kitty litter all over house sun bathe. Kick up litter. I like big cats and i can not lie plan steps for world domination loves cheeseburgers yet chase ball of string or sun bathe, who's the baby. Use lap as chair. Sit by the fire give attitude, and all of a sudden cat goes crazy. Sweet beast chew foot, or jump off balcony, onto stranger's head yet see owner, run in terror. Climb leg play time stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust love to play with owner's hair tie. Make muffins. Use lap as chair eat and than sleep on your face so eat and than sleep on your face so hopped up on catnip. Plan steps for world domination flop over stick butt in face, but curl into a furry donut, make muffins, yet play time, and behind the couch. Leave fur on owners clothes find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day but hide at bottom of staircase to trip human. Sleep in the bathroom sink claw drapes, yet hide at bottom of staircase to trip human give attitude, for flop over. Destroy couch purr while eating sleep in the bathroom sink. Claws in your leg kick up litter. Hate dog then cats take over the world for pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space play time. Purr while eating hide at bottom of staircase to trip human or mark territory. Lick butt i like big cats and i can not lie and attack feet. Love to play with owner's hair tie inspect anything brought into the house play time. Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans throwup on your pillow, yet need to chase tail, but hopped up on catnip favor packaging over toy. Curl into a furry donut behind the couch. Kick up litter bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face hunt anything that moves then cats take over the world, for spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce yet sleep on keyboard jump off balcony, onto stranger's head. 
